Oct 24: Austin
        I forgot to make journal entries before this so this is the start. So far me and danny have had difficulties setting up android studio and getting my galaxy s5 to run the app. Yesterday I got my github to work on my computer and push the code to the git from android studio. Today we are going to try and get the app to do something, and i’m gonna show danny what to do to get git working on his computer.


Oct 24: Danny
        Github has been set up on my computer and is good to go.
        I am currently following a tutorial at the website.


Oct 27: Austin + Danny
        Got libGDX to work.
        had difficulties due to the fact that after switching to android studio we uninstalled eclipse and the android sdk. 


Oct 28: Austin + Danny
        Got github to work with both accounts.


Oct 30: Austin + Danny
        Added personal graphics to the app and set up our layout.


Nov 3: Austin + Danny
        We learned about the problems faced when trying to find our game because of the name “MyGdxGame”. So we decided to change the name and icon.


Nov 4: Austin + Danny
        Started working with image buttons and are trying to complete a tutorial.


Nov 6: Austin + Danny
        We didn’t have much success with image buttons so at the recommendation of matt we are switching to textbuttons and we are starting our scratch.


Nov 11: Austin + Danny
        Completed tutorial for text buttons. Now we will replace our previous images with buttons.


Nov 12:  Austin + Danny
        Started integration of buttons into our main project. Worked on layout.


Nov 13:  Austin + Danny
        Made spritesheets for all of the buttons.


Nov 14:  Austin + Danny
        Worked on making buttons disappear when a button is clicked (included in current commit). We also attempted making a back button to return to the main screen, this is not working yet for the latest version.
        
Nov 17: Austin + Danny
        Worked on back button function. We had to catch the back key and prevent the OS from using to exit the app. We also explored rumble.


Nov 21: Austin + Danny 
        We looked into the tutorials TheLazyTryHard has provided on his youtube channel.


Nov 24: Austin + Danny 
We have started another scratch program for layouts.


Nov 28: Austin + Danny 
Austins computer undergoes vigorous surgery.


Dec 1: Austin + Danny 
Transferred code from Danny’s laptop onto Austins tutorial is working.